applications: serial_lte_modem: Fix to PGPS, did not work without pre… (#10825)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: applications/serial_lte_modem/doc/GNSS_AT_commands.rst

The ``#XGPSDEL`` command deletes GNSS data from non-volatile memory.
This command should be issued when GNSS is activated but not started yet.

> Note! This is considered a debug feature, and is not supposed to be used in production code.

Reviewer: Should this use note:: -syntax?

Author: Fixed

Set command
-----------

The set command allows you to delete old GNSS data.

> The usage of the command does not trigger A-GPS request event and thus may delay the full functionality of A-GPS and P-GPS until the next periodic A-GPS request has been gotten.

Reviewer: Can you split this to multiple sentences?

Author: Fixed

The ``#XGPSDEL`` command deletes GNSS data from non-volatile memory.
This command should be issued when GNSS is activated but not started yet.

.. note::
   This is considered a debug feature, and is not supposed to be used in production code.

Set command
-----------

The set command allows you to delete old GNSS data.

> The usage of the command does not trigger A-GPS request event. The execution of the command may delay the full functionality of A-GPS and P-GPS until the next periodic A-GPS request has been received.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Using this command does not trigger A-GPS request event.
The execution of the command may delay the full functionality of A-GPS and P-GPS until the next periodic A-GPS request has been received.
```
